So you've reached the end of the course, I've taught you everything I know, and now it's time for
you practice and have fun.
Participation in competitions is highly encouraged.
And I'll leave a link to the World Cup Association website for you down below.
I understand a lot of the reasons why people would be scared at these competitions, like being too
slow or not knowing anyone.
I felt this way, too, and my first competition, but I easily discovered how silly these fears are.
Don't be afraid of being too slow.
People who literally have just learned to beginners method and are averaging two minutes even go to
the competition by taking this course.
You're already one of the highest level speed tubers in any of these competitions.
And all of the ones I've been to the bottom times have been around one minute, 30 seconds.
And if you're using advanced method or KFAB up, this is easily beatable.
Any average time below 30 seconds puts you in a place for qualification of future rounds like the second
round or final round.
It depends on the tournament.
But this still shows you how slow you can be and still make it to the second round.
The issue of not knowing anyone isn't large either.
I have friends who I met or I'm solely friends with because we were both interested in Rubik's Cubes.
Public areas can be intimidating since you don't know if you share interests with the people around
you.
But at competitions, you are literally there because you share interests with those people, which
is a recipe for friendship.
You can literally go up to someone and talk about Rubik's Cubes, since you both know you like that
subject.
That's why you're at the competition.
Read more about competitions on WCA website.
And anyway, I really hope you enjoyed my course and learned a lot from it.
Keep practicing, stay motivated, and eventually you'll get as good as I am.
Thank you so much for choosing me on Udemy.
And don't forget to ask questions or leave me a review.
How fun.